In the last lecture we added this Google map your fruity English to Google Maps plug in.
Let's now find through our app and refiner's a little bit more.
And you set location HMO file here.
Well we set up the map.
You'll notice that we started somewhere in the ocean which is not that great.
It's probably not the place where we want to start there for I'm going to overwrite this I'm going to
overwrite the place we're going to start to do this.
I'll go to my set location typescript file to the component behind this template here and I will add
a new property here location which will be of type location the location we created in our own location
model stored in the models folders will make sure to add to US import.
This location should hold the default location we're starting at now this default location could be
set up in the set location page but in the end we want to get this location back to our ad place file.
Right.
So let's go to the place page instead.
And let's also add a location property there they're also using our own location model and therefore
also adding the import here at the top to the models folder.
This will be initialized with a default location with an object which has a latitude.
This is one of the two properties we required and I'll set those two for the DOT 7 6 2 4 3 2 4.
That's really detailed but you can of course choose any location you want that will be the location
in New York City.
And then also set to long at heute.
And this will be minus seven free dot 9 7 5 9 8 9 8 2 7.
So this is the location I want to start with.
Now of course I also need to get this location to my motile then because we're in the wrong page right
now.
So upon opening the mobile here create our past second argument where else at a location property and
past this location so past the location we set up here in the ad place page we have this I'll go back
to the set location page and I want to extract this location therefore I need to inject Neph parents.
We learned this before right how to extract parameterless in a mobile and with Neph perms inject that
and also the imports from ionic angle are added at the top.
I can now simply get this location.
I'll do this here in the constructor.
And at this location equals you this naff parents get location because remember location was the name
of the property we created here in this object we're passing to the modal so if this location gets extracted
we now have a location property.
And with that location property I can again go back to the template the set location page and it will
add property binding Tudor's component because this component has a couple of properties we can buy
in from outside the first property we can bind is the latitude property and latitude.
You guess it expects a number which describes the LED.
Good thing we do have one stored in our location property in the land property.
Then we also need to set a long into it.
So let's also at this property by adding referencing our location and then the long view at the elenchi
property.
Well and finally for now I'll add another property binding to soome and set this to 16.
This is some level we starting at and you can simply play around with this number to find right some
level for your purpose.
Now let's save it with this.
With these changes in place and we should now see that when we opened this motile we start at a different
place here in New York at a different some level.
So with that we changed the default location and we already stored the default location in our app.
Now you can always fine tune just to your needs.
I'm happy with this as it is.
Let's now dive into how we can actually select a place on the map in the next lecture